openai: set `context_length` size (#8672)
ollama/ollama: docs/openai.md

    print(f"Error: {e}")
```

> #### Extra Arguments 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Extra arguments 
```

- `num_ctx` parameter can be used to set the context window for the model

> - OpenAI Python SDK does not support setting context window size, however this can be set for Ollama through the `extra_body` parameter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    print(f"Error: {e}")
```

> #### Experimental 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Extra arguments
```

- `num_ctx` parameter can be used to set the context window for the model
- OpenAI Python SDK does not support setting context window size, however this can be set for Ollama through the `extra_body` parameter

> - The recommended way to control this is through the [Ollama Python SDK](https://github.com/ollama/ollama-python) with the `options` parameter

Reviewer: I think we can omit this given a decision has been made to use the OpenAI-compatible API

Author: I think if a user wants to use this feature it is good to surface again that we have dedicated SDKs. 🤷🏽 sometimes people need that push

})
```

> #### Extra Arguments 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Extra arguments 
```

- `num_ctx` parameter can be used to set the context window for the model

> - OpenAI JS SDK does not support setting context window size, however this can be set for Ollama by passing `num_ctx` directly with a `@ts-expect-error` as an undocumented parameter in the [OpenAI JS SDK](https://github.com/openai/openai-node?tab=readme-ov-file#making-customundocumented-requests)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    }'
```

> ## Extra Arguments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Extra arguments
```

> ### Setting Context Window Size

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: I think this is okay to stay?

- `num_ctx` parameter can be used to set the context window for the model

> #### OpenAI Python SDK

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### OpenAI Python library
```

- OpenAI Python SDK does not support setting context window size, however this can be set for Ollama through the `extra_body` parameter

```py
completion = client.beta.chat.completions.create(
    model="llama3.1:8b",
    messages=[{"role": "user", "content": "Say this is a test"}],
    extra_body={"num_ctx": 4096},
)
```

> #### OpenAI JS SDK

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### OpenAI JavaScript SDK
```

- OpenAI JS SDK does not support setting context window size, however this can be set for Ollama by passing `num_ctx` directly with a `@ts-expect-error` as an undocumented parameter in the [OpenAI JS SDK](https://github.com/openai/openai-node?tab=readme-ov-file#making-customundocumented-requests)

```ts
const chatCompletion = await openai.chat.completions.create({
    messages: [{ role: 'user', content: 'Say this is a test' }],
    model: 'llama3.2',

>     // @ts-expect-error num_ctx is not officially supported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // @ts-expect-error num_ctx is an additional argument
```
